Hey
Why did you just say you were my boyfriend?
Don't you want to?
Think about it
But let's wait until you've passed the test period first
Who knows if you're going bad with money?
That's right.
I have explained my situation to my dad.
I guess now
The incident has been completely controlled by Shi Tianzong
Will the Chamber of Commerce be established in three days? Of course I'm going?
Do you really have the confidence to trip up my brother?
Packing him up is just by the way
Actually, I have more important things to do
This time the Chamber of Commerce is established
There will be several future adults present
There is Chen Qiaosheng in it
In the future, he will rely on the game of Legend.
Brother, just let me in for a while
Stay for a while, take your cold blood, get out of here
I'm going to break your dog legs
I'll go in and stay for a while
Chen Qiaosheng revolutionized an era
Became the richest man in the building